UNIX Socket and MQTT ports on armv7 example (#35)
ce-rust/cerk: examples/src/unix_socket_and_mqtt_on_armv7/REAMDE.md

# CERK Router with UNIX Socket and MQTT for armv7

> Routs CloudEvents that are generated from an input UNIX Socket port to a output UNIX Socket port and a MQTT output port.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Routes CloudEvents that are generated from an input UNIX Socket port to an output UNIX Socket port and an MQTT output port.
```

## Requirement

This example require an armv7 based microprocessor.

## Run

> 1. build the docker image wich will be used to compile the binary

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Build the docker image which will be used to compile the binary:
```

    `docker build . -t armv7`

> 2. build the binary (this command have to be executed in the root folder of the repository)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Build the binary (this command have to be executed in the root folder of the repository)
```

    `docker run -v ${PWD}/../../../:/cerk -ti armv7`

> 3. copy `target/armv7-unknown-linux-gnueabihf/release/hello_world`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Copy `target/armv7-unknown-linux-gnueabihf/release/hello_world`
5. Start an MQTT broker
4. Set the env variable `MQTT_BROKER_URL` which points to the broker, e.g. `MQTT_BROKER_URL=tpc://192.1.1.55:1883`
```

# CERK Router with UNIX Socket and MQTT for armv7

> Routes CloudEvents that are generated from an input UNIX Socket port to an output UNIX Socket port and an MQTT output port.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Routes CloudEvents that are received on an input UNIX Socket port to an output UNIX Socket port and an MQTT output port.
```

## Requirement

This example require an armv7 based microprocessor.

## Run

1. Build the docker image which will be used to compile the binary:
    `docker build . -t armv7`

> 2. Build the binary (this command have to be executed in the root folder of the repository)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Build the binary
```

    `docker run -v ${PWD}/../../../:/cerk -ti armv7`

> 3. Copy `target/armv7-unknown-linux-gnueabihf/release/unix_socket_and_mqtt_on_armv7`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Copy `target/armv7-unknown-linux-gnueabihf/release/unix_socket_and_mqtt_on_armv7` to the armv7 based microprocessor.
```

5. Start an MQTT broker

> 4. Set the env variable `MQTT_BROKER_URL` which points to the broker, e.g. `MQTT_BROKER_URL=tpc://192.1.1.55:1883`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Start the router with the env variable `MQTT_BROKER_URL` which points to the broker, e.g. `MQTT_BROKER_URL=tpc://192.1.1.55:1883 ./unix_socket_and_mqtt_on_armv7`
```
